PHASE 1

1) 
Team Budget Planner
DESCRIPTION

As a developer, write a program using JavaScript to decide the budget of a specific team.

Background of the problem statement:

As a developer, you are assigned to a project. You need to develop a website where program managers of a specific team will add details of professional deals they want to have with vendors. The finance team will check expenses of those teams and will decide their annual budget.

You must use the following:

Visual Studio Code: An IDE to code for the application
JavaScript: A programming language
Git: To connect and push files from the local system to GitHub
GitHub: To store the application code and track its versions
JavaScript concepts: Functions, prototypes, primitives, objects, IIFEs, promises, async, and webpack

Following requirements should be met:
Versions of the code should be tracked on GitHub repositories
Team Budget Planner should work properly

2)
Building A Restaurant Website With Bootstrap
DESCRIPTION

Build a responsive website for a restaurant where users can read the details of the restaurant.

Background of the problem statement:

You are a web developer at a service-based web development company called Kite Technologies. The company has been approached by a client who wants to build a website for their restaurant named Ming’s Diner. The website should provide the users a brief overview of the restaurant and its bestsellers, its address, as well as an option to contact the restaurant. During sprint planning, you agree to lead this project and develop the website. The tasks you are responsible for:

Building the website using HTML
Adding Bootstrap to the website
Adding a landing page, a navbar, a CTA button, a grid, and a footer
Adding a contact form for users to contact the restaurant
Pushing the code to the git repository
You must use the following tools:

HTML: To define the content of the website
Bootstrap: To build the website
JavaScript: To handle events and responses
JQuery: To include JavaScript plugins like modals, tooltips, etc.

The following requirements should be met:
The website should be responsive.
The website should have a carousel, a navbar, a CTA button, a grid, and a footer.
The website should have a contact form.
The source code should be pushed to your GitHub repositories. You need to document the steps and write the algorithms in the Google Docs.
The link of your GitHub repository is must. In order to track your task, you need to share the link of the repository. You can add a section in the Google Docs.
Document the step-by-step process involved in completing this task.

3)
Simply Blogging

Project 1 

DESCRIPTION

As a Full Stack Developer, you have to develop a blog for the company where people can post articles and customers can benefit from the content.

Background of the problem statement:
As the project is progressing, management has asked you to create a blog page for the company website so that newsletters and other informative articles can be posted by experts for the benefit of the customers.

You must use the following:
Visual Studio Code
Bootstrap
HTML/CSS
Javascript
GitHub

Following requirements should be met:
A few of the source codes should be tracked on GitHub repositories. You need to document the tracked files that are ignored during the final push to the GitHub repository.
The submission of your GitHub repository link is mandatory. In order to track your task, you need to share the link of the repository in the document.
The step-by-step process involved in completing this task should be documented. 

  
